Hello! My name is Ivan Storck. I am a web developer, but this talk is for
non-developers too. Because, it's about Testing. Testing websites better.
Automatically.

Have any of these happened to you? You launch a web site, and it is immediately
hammered by a normal traffic load. It becomes unresponsive. Or something is
wrong with the registration form. You get less sign-ups than you thought you
would. How would you even know that is happening?  Or the site isn't
accessible to the color-blind, or others. All these issues, and more, you can
test for.

The thing is, you already have a test plan. Maybe it just isn't written down
yet.  You point and click. And click, and point, and type. This is the
equivalent of hunt and peck typing. If you are fine with hunt-and-peck typing,
go ahead and check your AOL account now. If you want to learn how to
touch-type, I mean, automate your tests, pay attention. 

Automating your tests doesn't just save time, it has other benefits too. But
before we get to that I want to let you know I've heard your excuses. Come on,
I'm a teacher, I've heard it all. 

"I don't know how, it's too hard!". well.. listen up. I will give you some 
first steps. And some resources to chew on after this talk. 

"I don't have time to do any extra work, that's not part of my job." Consider
that your job is to be building stuff that works. You have an obligation to see
if it works, right?  In 1989 Watts Humphrey wrote a book, based on his
experience at IBM and the Software Engineering Institute, called "Managing the
Software Process". He described a process maturity framework called the
Capability Maturity Model (CMM).  Processes range from *ad hoc* to formally
defined steps, to managed result metrics, to active optimization of the
process. You can't optimize what you don't measure.

Tests help you measure what you're doing. How long does it take for the home
page to load? Google thinks your page should load in under half a second. How
many potential accessibility errors are there? Does your site follow best
practices for securing student or customer data? When you do find a bug, how do
you make sure it doesn't happen again?

Tests make sure that you're building the right thing - delivering value to your
customers. Acceptance tests define the critical features that your site needs
to be signed-off-on by the people that are paying you. The people requesting
the work.





